https://github.com/oguzhan18/wope-clone # Wope
https://github.com/thisdot/starter.dev-github-showcases # GitHub
https://github.com/ofergavrilov/airbnb-frontend-clone # Airbnb
https://github.com/mauricioein/angular-mail # Gmail
https://github.com/marcosds7/clone-google-finances # Google Finance
https://github.com/raheemcodes/iphone-calculator-clone # iPhone calculator
https://github.com/developer-thing/mac-os-monterey # macOS website
https://github.com/trungvose/jira-clone-angular # Jira
https://github.com/ducdv98/jira-clone # Jira
https://github.com/trungvose/jira-clone-angular
https://github.com/james-h33/clickup # ClickUp
https://github.com/webhooksite/webhook.site
https://github.com/frain-dev/convoy
https://github.com/ever-co/ever-demand
https://github.com/tiagoalmeidz-zz/duolingo # Duolingo
https://github.com/mathious6/ankicloneapp # Anki
https://github.com/renato3x/devgram # Instagram
https://github.com/faizanalibugti/ng-filmpire # Netflix
https://github.com/lionelensfelder/angular-netflix-clone # Netflix
https://github.com/michael-mcmasters/Twitter-Clone-Angular # Twitter
https://github.com/Akinyemi-samuel/Twitter-Clone
https://github.com/antonioalanxs/Twitter-Clone # Twitter
https://sirgama.github.io/giphy-clone/ # Giphy
https://github.com/felipeaguiarcode/angular-santander-home-clone # Santander bank
https://github.com/eddieos/slack-clone-angular-ui # Slack
https://github.com/ajitsinghkaler/devto-clone # Dev.to
https://github.com/thepeacemaker/goodreads-clone-frontend # Goodreads (fast)
https://github.com/madipta/tokopedia-angular-material-theming # Tokopedia
https://github.com/julienvankemmel/netflix-clone # Netflix
https://github.com/miryambathilde/Netflix-Clone-Angular # Netflix
https://github.com/stantanasi/netflix-angular
https://github.com/sumitvekariya/kanban-clone-angular # Trello
https://github.com/brendasutara/trello-clone
https://github.com/vugar005/youtube-webapp-turborepo # YouTube
https://github.com/josephnhtam/vsp-youtube-clone-microservices # YouTube
https://github.com/dreadarceus/youtube-clone-frontend
https://github.com/inms-adarsh/typeform-clone-angular # Typeform
https://github.com/ccscoder/calendar-clone # Google Calendar
https://github.com/abrihoum/google-keep-clone # Google Keep
https://github.com/naveenkumar-j/flipkart-add-to-cart-clone # Flipkart
https://github.com/trungvose/angular-spotify
https://github.com/saiupadhyayula/spring-reddit-clone # Reddit
https://github.com/chrismkocabas/springboot_angular_fullstack_reddit_clone
https://github.com/shubhambattoo/angular-hackernews-clone # Hacker News
https://github.com/wizlee/angular-marketplace # Etsy
https://github.com/eaabak/iontok # TikTok
https://github.com/ramsunvtech/trello-app-clone-spring-ng # Trello
https://github.com/yagizhanny/openai-chatgpt3-clone # ChatGPT
https://github.com/web-slate/google-search-clone-web # Google homepage
https://github.com/my-azure-projects/azuredevops # Azure DevOps
https://github.com/aridevk/linktreeprofile
https://github.com/manthanank/linktree-clone-angular # Linktree
https://github.com/markshulhin/angular-keep # Google Keep
https://github.com/code-with-ahsan/schwrzitter # Twitter
https://github.com/yashgo0018/tally-clone
https://github.com/nitrathod/movie-clone
https://github.com/vigneshwar221b/facebook-ui-clone
https://github.com/knbanderson/petflix
https://github.com/opf/openproject
https://github.com/bitwarden/clients
https://github.com/ghostfolio/ghostfolio
https://github.com/ajenti/ajenti
https://github.com/ever-co/ever-traduora
https://github.com/ionic-team/ionifits
https://github.com/ismaestro/angular-example-app
https://github.com/alexjlockwood/shapeshifter