https://github.com/lemill-vycta/factory3d
https://github.com/franciscoamado/openpeeps.framerfx
https://github.com/triozer/framer-toolbox # plugin toolbox
https://github.com/sonnylazuardi/framer-sites-figma-plugin # Figma plugin functionality but in a Framer site
https://github.com/stefanciprian/framer-kit
https://github.com/junhoyeo/framer-scripts
https://github.com/alexjedi/magnetic-wrapper
https://github.com/singh-shivani/3d-animation-ui
https://github.com/atharvapatil/fake-faces
https://github.com/anythingcodes/canvas-framer
https://github.com/clearlysid/framer-rss
https://github.com/patrick-web/portfolio/
https://github.com/sanjaytamang/3d-danceswap
https://github.com/silmaril1on/moria-clone # decent game
https://github.com/podo/awesome-framer
https://github.com/perrysmotors/copy-framer-code
https://github.com/mamad-1999/css-generator-react
https://github.com/tushgup/team-sol
https://github.com/alexssh/react-hooks
https://github.com/arshad-syed18/pixelthreads-3dproductstore # beautiful t-shirt
https://github.com/borakilicoglu/react-motion-scene # could be useful for landing page images
https://github.com/bromso/jonasbroms-www # decent landing page animations
https://github.com/chrisabdo/portfolio # carousel
https://github.com/manju1807/swiss-x # okay landing page animations
https://github.com/phenoo/talentplus-interview # decent repeating animation
https://github.com/kinfe123/chacha # typography is horrible, otherwise it's okay
https://github.com/chrisabdo/motionvariants
https://github.com/olivercederborg/olivercederborg.com
https://github.com/bitttttten/mechanical-counter # counter made with framer motion
https://github.com/indreklasn/react-framer-motion-examples # float animation
https://github.com/x1-il/framer-cards # tinder cards
https://github.com/tomassestak/framer-motion-scroll-to-hook # scrolls to top (useless but maybe basic)
https://github.com/christianmurata/christianmurata-website # nice short resume page
https://github.com/alwaz/my-portfolio # the blog post grid layout is kind of nice
https://github.com/valentindft/valentindft.fr # okay animations for a portfolio
https://github.com/shivah12/shinzo
https://github.com/harryhighpants/speedcardgame
https://github.com/sami12344/investa/
https://github.com/prathameshdhande22/film-fiesta-web-app
https://github.com/miladsadeghi/notion-kanban-board # Trello
https://github.com/chiragyadav2003/portfolio-app # bad performance - might be a good idea to learn why
https://github.com/ebenezerdon/react-contact-cards # bad design but nice fast filtering
https://github.com/unllamas/nextjs-page-transitions-with-framer-motion # ecommerce (not good)