https://github.com/microsoft/dstoolkit-devcontainers # data science toolkit
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-remote-try-go # Go
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-remote-try-rust # Rust
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-remote-try-java # Java
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-remote-try-dotnet # Dotnet
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-remote-try-python # Python
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-remote-try-node # Node.js
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-remote-try-php # PHP
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-remote-try-cpp # C++
https://github.com/devcontainers/template-starter # template
https://github.com/devcontainers/feature-starter # Features template
https://github.com/devcontainers/cli # creates a dev container
https://github.com/devcontainers/images/ # pre-built dev container images
https://github.com/qdm12/devtainr # sets up a development container in your repository

https://github.com/qdm12/reactdevcontainer # React
https://github.com/luizkowalski/devcontainer-rails # Rails
https://github.com/aliosm/ruby-on-rails-devcontainer # Rails, Postgres, Redis, MeiliSearch
https://github.com/valenvb/vscode-devcontainer-wordpress # Wordpress
https://github.com/jungleboogie-pl/vscode-wordpress # Wordpress
https://github.com/backendclub/example-django-devcontainers # Django
https://github.com/alitari/vscode-remote-quarkus # Quarkus
https://github.com/jplane/pyspark-devcontainer # PySpark
https://github.com/allaboutapps/go-starter # Go JSON API with OpenAPI and SQL
https://github.com/edhaase/vscode-devcontainer-php7-apache # PHP and Apache
https://github.com/iterativo-git/dockerdoo # Odoo

https://github.com/guiyomh/features

https://github.com/0916dhkim/vscode-devcontainer-tutorial # Several databases and more
https://github.com/pwd9000-ml/devcontainer-templates # GitHub Actions, Azure Pipelines and more
https://github.com/wtfzambo/glue-devcontainer-template # AWS Glue
https://github.com/vincentclaes/glue-devcontainer # AWS Glue
https://github.com/awslabs/aws-terraform-dev-container # by Amazon - Terraform
https://github.com/jarnawer/ansible-devcontainer-vscode # Ansible
https://github.com/loft-sh/devpod # DevPod
https://github.com/qdm12/godevcontainer # Go
https://github.com/yiwiy9/atcoder-rust-devcontainer # Rust
https://github.com/SergioGasquez/esp-rs-devcontainer # Rust
https://github.com/mathiasgruber/vscode-devcontainer # Node.js and Terraform
https://github.com/amatzk/docker-template-for-vscode # multiple language environments
https://github.com/mamba-org/micromamba-devcontainer # Python
https://github.com/b-data/data-science-devcontainers # R, Python, Julia
https://github.com/ilanco/vscode-devcontainer-php # PHP (Codespaces also)
https://github.com/espressocake/bof_development_docker # C
https://github.com/avsm/ocaml-devcontainers # OCaml
https://github.com/hiroyaonoe/ocaml-devcontainer # OCaml
https://github.com/jomazu/elixir-devcontainer # Elixir
https://github.com/devrt/ros-devcontainer-vscode # robotics (interesting features shown)
https://github.com/clearbluejar/ghidra-python-vscode-devcontainer-skeleton # Ghidra
https://github.com/theomessin/laravel-devcontainer
https://github.com/madebygps/multiple-dev-container-vscode # usage of multiple decontainer.json files
https://github.com/containercraft/konductor # various ops tools
https://github.com/opsec-infosec/42-devcontainer
https://github.com/h4l/dev-container-docker-compose-volume-or-bind # template for Docker Compose bind mounts and container volumes
https://github.com/stuartleeks/devcontainer-cli # commands to work with dev containers
https://github.com/webksde/ddev-vscode-devcontainer-drupal-template
https://github.com/prenone/platformio-vscode-devcontainer
https://github.com/qdm12/basedevcontainer # base development Docker image used by other development Docker images

https://github.com/hediet/vscode-debug-visualizer # visualizes data during debugging
https://github.com/ide-stories/vscode-stories-api # stories (walkthroughs)
https://github.com/microsoft/codetour # code tour
https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql-starter # CodeQL
https://github.com/deerawan/vscode-dash # Dash documentation
https://github.com/lostintangent/gitdoc # Git autopull that does not work
https://github.com/gitkraken/vscode-gitlens # GitLens - nice blame visualizations or something
https://github.com/glideapps/quicktype # creates types from JSON, Schema, and GraphQL
https://github.com/infracost/vscode-infracost # Terraform cost estimates
https://github.com/denoland/vscode_deno # Deno
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-js-debug # Chrome debugger
https://github.com/ryuta46/vscode-multi-command # runs multiple commands
https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw-vscode # Excalidraw
https://github.com/xojs/vscode-linter-xo # XO TypeScript linter
https://github.com/moalamri/vscode-inline-fold # folds Tailwind CSS utility classes, etc.
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-extension-samples # by Microsoft - extension samples
https://github.com/mattpocock/ts-error-translator # turns TypeScripts errors into plain English
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-generator-code
https://github.com/austinleegordon/vscode-schema-dot-org # Google Structured Data schema JSON-LD objects
https://github.com/redhat-developer/vscode-extension-tester # tests an extension using Selenium WebDriver
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-docs-authoring # edits Markdown for docs.microsoft.com
https://github.com/philnash/ngrok-for-vscode # ngrok
https://github.com/antfu/starter-vscode
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-extension-telemetry
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-test-cli/
https://github.com/mjbvz/vscode-markdown-mermaid # Mermaid in Markdown
https://github.com/mhutchie/vscode-git-graph # Git graph
https://github.com/r5n-dev/vscode-react-javascript-snippets # React snippets
https://github.com/githru/githru-vscode-ext # detailed Git visualization
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-python-tools-extension-template
https://github.com/siddharthkp/vscode-settings/ # GitHub employee
https://github.com/palashmon/awesome-vscode-settings
https://github.com/github/vscode-github-actions # GitHub Actions
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-livepreview # live preview
https://github.com/CoenraadS/Bracket-Pair-Colorizer-2 # bracket pair colorizer
https://github.com/codota/tabnine-vscode # Tabnine machine learning
https://github.com/huggingface/llm-vscode
https://github.com/antfu/vscode-settings
https://github.com/stkb/rewrap # wrap lines
https://github.com/wesbos/dotfiles/ # nice hard links technique
https://github.com/albertobasalo/dotfiles/
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-vsce # extension publisher
https://github.com/primer/github-vscode-theme # GitHub VS Code themes

https://github.com/microsoft/python-sample-vscode-flask-tutorial # Tutorials - Flask
https://github.com/mike-works/vscode-fundamentals # workshop

https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/shortcuts # keyboard shortcut ideas - Chrome
https://shortcuts.design # GitHub
https://jetbrains.com/help/idea/ # Jetbrains
https://webkit.org/web-inspector/ # Safari
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode # Xcode